Joseph Premdas
Justin Waterman
Jamie Tinker
Abdul Aziz Alholaibi
Aracely Arevalo

June 3, 2020

				About Us 

	We are a group of students attending California State University San 
Bernardino. We are computer engineering majors and this prototype is the result 
of a year long senior project. We were given the task of creating a non-invasive 
core body temperature tool which could serve as a more practical solution to 
invasive methods which are often difficult to use in the field and have 
certain limitations. Current methods of invasively measureing core body temperature 
include the use of rectal thermometers, esophegeal theremometers, or ingestable
thermometers. In the case of an emergency situation in the field, the only 
reasonable invasive method is the rectal thermometer, as digestable thermometers
must be swallowed before a person is showing signs of heat related stress, and 
esophegeal thermometers cannot be used on people who are incapacitated or 
suffering from heat related stress. Rectal thermometers have their own challenges 
also: An example of this is the emergency use of rectal thermometer on a young 
athlete who exhibit signs of heat stroke during training or sport. It would be 
innopropriate for a physian to use such a practice, and often times people 
suffer because of this. 
	Our goal is to solve this problem and prevent heat related injury or 
death of athletes by obtaining a core body temperature measurement non-invasively.
This prototype is not yet capable of meeting that objective, as more extensive 
testing and tweaking of our algorithm is nessicary, to ensure that this device 
can be trusted in a wide variety of invironmental conditions. We are nearing the 
end of our Senior year and due to the COVID-19 pandemic of 2020, we are unable 
to physically meet and perform the nessicary tests and adjustments. If you are 
reading this, we thank you for your interest in our prototype and we hope that, 
while we didn't meet our goals, we have had some contribution to this decade old 
problem.




