Joseph Premdas
Justin Waterman
Jamie Tinker
Abdul Aziz Alholaibi
Aracely Arevalo


		USER MANUAL - Non-Invasive Core Body Thermometer 


Product overview:

	The body thermometer will accurately monitor and display the internal 
	body temperature of the patient through the non-invasive procedure by 
	placing a temperature sensing unit both underneath the armpit and over 
	the patient's nose and mouth. We will be monitoring the temperature of 
	the exhaled breath of the patient, while monitoring the temperature of 
	the O2 tank, and the environment. We will have a minimum of 3 thermistors 
	in this tool.


Package Contents 

	The following items are included in the package: 
		(1) axillary body temperature patch 
		(1) handheld battery control 
		(3) sensory connectors 
		(1) traveling case 
		(1) USB-C Charger 
		Batteries not included. 
       
Initial Setup

	Before using the device first power on the handheld control (1) plug in 
	and charge the device with the charger that has been included in the box 
	or (2) Insert batteries into the back of the handheld control. The device 
	will have a short period where the thermistors must adjust to the feedback 
	from the environment, O2 tank, and the patients exhaled breath. Once the 
	thermistors have flatlined, the equations and calculations can now take place.


Operation 

	1. Turn on the handheld control by pressing down on the power button
	2. Plug in the both sensor units into the handheld device 
	3. With all sensor units connected to the handheld device, attach sensors onto 
	the axillary pad which will be passed underneath the armpit, mouthpiece and 
	environment (specific location TBA)


Maintenance 

	To disinfect the axillary pad and cords simply wipe down with alcohol wipes. 
	To keep the product charged at all times.
	To repair or replace any parts of the device, please call and contact the 
	manufacturers guarantee customer service hotline.
	To replace any worn out wires and resistors, there should be a customer service 
	for such events.

